Welcome dear audience to
a new edition of 5 4 tv with a
cup issue because I'm allowed here
Welcome from Koblenz
there had to be harmony in the
quarterfinal against tus koblenz
compete yes and at this point that
You have to mention that because won
Eintracht happy 5 to 6 in the
penalty shootout of the elfmeter killer the
was called andreas lengsfeld and his
of course we also
comments from jens jaw and steven
crowners are now available with the
highlights from this lot
506 wins the harmony in
penalty shootout in the quarterfinals of the
bitburger rheinlandpokals went the tus
it would not have been shorter from Coblenz
allowed and if you look at the blood pressure
the viewer then viewed
she probably does not care too much
may take longer
but they were a fanatics
certainly very nice
was feverish and sweaty with
jansky was with me now
microphone
Mr. pine that was pretty close
or the result says it all
120 minutes penalty shooting I think
The game was so close in the end
we were the happier we have to be like that
say because the game was open and that
would have to go in another direction
But in such a game there are
now in winners and we have then
five outstanding penalty shoots
very cool turned then one must also
Yes , they deserve to say theirs
team in the first half, a
a bit surprised probably
offensive Koblenzern was first
a bit yes, let's say in the
defensive pressed and then the second
halfway it was exactly the other way what
Did you do that in the pause tea?
At first we were not surprised
We were just over the first one
bad we were well prepared
the game but we had
inexplicably ours
to build up the game
to push our game through I know
not why maybe one
bit pressure because of the crucial
game you have to get ahead but the
second half I have the team
just not at half-time while not loud
not at all i have the team
Simply said that is not so
does not wrap so play football
what you organize here in the square
in a quiet tone because of me
I know they can do it better and we can
then have courageous forward
played we still have
mistakes were also made that luck
we do not have to get the 2 0 one
say but then it's more like me
Imagine me and the team has
then the heart is taken in both hands
and has played courageously we still have
chances and is accordingly
I'm glad too
Okay, let's jump to the scene
1 1 by steven kröner how many boulders
they have fallen from the heart
they thought so now pack this
yes, I was even convinced that we
after the 1 1 maybe even in the
regular game time still win it was
of course so he already has one
relief what he as a coach too
and stone falls from my heart but I say
well played before this situation
we have played well before that
you can also say that
and in the end it was after that
1 1 year again open the reeco group
We said two and three chances
the extension as well and
Accordingly, I am simple
happy about the victory
congratulations to again and
final question would be close now
two and a half weeks time with the
working team, it is now so
a little bit the squirrel tactics one
one step after the other
This is now the entry to others
slowly in the direction you
want to move
no, no, no, because the harmony
want to move in the direction plays like that
not in the first half and play
also not after 11 it was after 1
1 was not a football for me
have for wallis in the ball is down and
here
There were opportunities on both sides and there
you just have to work more compact
compactness not defensive compactness
and is called a team together
We have an open visor
played forward but also after
in the back and that's how I imagine it
not because it could have
to go in the other direction
I'm absolutely giving you too many
thanks for this analysis, have fun now
still with the team i hope so
at least one cake left
and a cup of coffee have 54 tv
I welcome microphone now and Andreas
lengsfeld the eleven-meter killer
so the fans also chanted as
penalty shooting went with which
Feelings and emotions are you first
gone in with the word is yes
you can not throw away much dirt
lose and i think i know that
from time to time they are mine if we
I had to stop all five of them
and thank god okay 56 it was
The concord would have been pretty close
maybe even before
Lastly, there was one
I always say clear
about koblenz
so invented harder to capture
in the game
yes you are not our best game though
a second half from 60 to 80 times
we are doing really well in the market
a few more chances and then in
the first half of extra time must
to actually do it and then
So had the sufficient opportunities three
four hundred percent well but yes
my best elfmeterschießen
So today the case has to Complain
not me now
I think that man has her
rightly noticed once was there
it's even almost by hand
or was it with the other and anyway
everyone still about you and the trouble
compared with the joy as
kept as what was bigger what has
held out okay okay I think so yes
like to party a bit now
I do not think so we go
Of course we are really happy, but me
believe it because all'm totally broken
broken and I was only in the gate
So frankly, I do not know how the
guys then goes destined worse
We will definitely enjoy it though
big celebration faith will not be okay
then celebrates nicely with a piece of cake
and a cup of coffee
thanks andreas on my side may
I now greet you in green
human being green that the thing there for
1 1 in just over 20 meters
what a shot after that was clear
we are still packing the thing here or yes
At the end , not much to say at the end
because I try it often and goes to
third floor and who comes to the gate
pure again but yes I think it was
cool because we were pushing and have
the game made easy then is 112
not really salvation and we leave
The game is very short chronological
I think I have to go through the first half
not much to say
the harmony relatively behave many
error when playing
many were stumbled upon ballot
that was a bit nervous or was
that the respect of the tus because you
here last 0 21 lost or was
that just because of the pressure in the cup
or am I just completely nonsense
maybe a mixture of everything
yes, it is so much about the club
we also know and defend that
This time because the stand behind good
and he knew that is definitely
a game is over 50 is on the edge
and if you play a risk pass
like the first ins tor and anja it was
difficult of us have gotten started
I eat very well and then good
found a game
I would be interested in that
Half time what has the coach to you
because you are after that
race came back and the game was over
all at once firmly in her hand and
that can take up to 120 minutes
Or says the consequences of the cabin
Two applications were supposed to continue
play and is much braver and play
What we can do because we can soccer
play and then we have guys
each other again pushed us
but today we also saw that in
a 10 of that is why he is raised
So conclusion of the team spirit has
won today
In any case because it was one
fighting game and there it is only the
team effort and therefore was
we are glad that this is so good
held together and in others
playing before maybe did not have that way
luck, too, why today's opportunities
not clean but in the end
passed
Yes